Add guidance around `null` and empty table values (#1548)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/table/partials/guidelines/guidelines.md

!!! Dont

![Null empty cells](/assets/components/table/null-empty-cells.png)
!!!

Instead, explicitly communicate null values to the user and represent them with a similar visual treatment as non-null values.

!!! Do

Visually represent null values in an inverse and comparative manner with non-null values.

![Null value communicated with text](/assets/components/table/null-value-comparative-value.png)
!!!

#### Styling null values

In records that express a value with text, use the same text style as non-null values in the same column (in most cases this is `Body / 200 / Regular`). Consider reducing the prominence of the null values by using `Foreground / Faint` color instead of `Primary` or `Strong`.

![Null value in a text string](/assets/components/table/null-value-text-example.png)

#### Null values with badges

In records that express a value with a badge (e.g., status, health, etc), maintain consistency with cells of the same content type by communicating null values in a `neutral` badge.

![Null value communicated in a badge](/assets/components/table/null-value-badge-example.png)

#### Null value fallback

> As a fallback, consider using an `em dash (—)` or `n/a (not available)` in place of the null value. This may occur when the content type of a value isn't able to be determined or if the value is null for an unknown reason.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a fallback, consider using an `em dash (—)` or `n/a (not available)` in place of the null value. This may occur when the content type of a value isn’t able to be determined or if the value is null for an unknown reason.
```

Author: I got almost all of them! ❤️
